
From ryanlyn1@cps.msu.edu Thu Oct  9 14:20:56 1997
Date: Thu, 9 Oct 1997 14:14:36 -0400 (EDT)
From: Lynn T Ryan <ryanlyn1@cps.msu.edu>
To: ryanlyn1@cps.msu.edu

To: ryanlyn1@cps.msu.edu
Subject: (fwd) New Article, Towards Flexible Teamwork  ...
Newsgroups: comp.ai.jair.announce

Path: msunews!agate!newsgate.duke.edu!nntprelay.mathworks.com!europa.clark.net!204.127.161.1!wnfeed!worldnet.att.net!205.252.116.205!howland.erols.net!usc!news.isi.edu!not-for-mail
From: jair-ed@ptolemy.arc.nasa.gov
Newsgroups: comp.ai.jair.announce
Subject: New Article, Towards Flexible Teamwork  ...
Date: 30 Sep 1997 15:15:28 -0700
Organization: USC Information Sciences Institute
Lines: 77
Sender: jair-ed@quark.isi.edu
Approved: jair-ed@ptolemy.arc.nasa.gov
Message-ID: <60rtm0$kv8@quark.isi.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: quark.isi.edu
Xref: msunews comp.ai.jair.announce:191

JAIR is pleased to announce the publication of the following article:

Tambe, M. (1997)
  "Towards Flexible Teamwork", Volume 7, pages 83-124.

   Available in Postscript (940K) and compressed Postscript (223K).
   An online appendix (STEAM release 1.0) is also a available.

   For quick access via your WWW browser, use this URL:
     http://www.jair.org/abstracts/tambe97a.html
   More detailed instructions are below.

   Abstract: Many AI researchers are today striving to build agent teams
   for complex, dynamic multi-agent domains, with intended applications
   in arenas such as education, training, entertainment, information
   integration, and collective robotics.  Unfortunately, uncertainties in
   these complex, dynamic domains obstruct coherent teamwork.  In
   particular, team members often encounter differing, incomplete, and
   possibly inconsistent views of their environment.  Furthermore, team
   members can unexpectedly fail in fulfilling responsibilities or
   discover unexpected opportunities.  Highly flexible coordination and
   communication is key in addressing such uncertainties.  Simply fitting
   individual agents with precomputed coordination plans will not do, for
   their inflexibility can cause severe failures in teamwork, and their
   domain-specificity hinders reusability.

   Our central hypothesis is that the key to such flexibility and
   reusability is providing agents with general models of teamwork.
   Agents exploit such models to autonomously reason about coordination
   and communication, providing requisite flexibility.  Furthermore, the
   models enable reuse across domains, both saving implementation effort
   and enforcing consistency.  This article presents one general,
   implemented model of teamwork, called STEAM.  The basic building block
   of teamwork in STEAM is joint intentions (Cohen & Levesque, 1991b);
   teamwork in STEAM is based on agents' building up a (partial)
   hierarchy of joint intentions (this hierarchy is seen to parallel
   Grosz & Kraus's partial SharedPlans, 1996).  Furthermore, in STEAM,
   team members monitor the team's and individual members' performance,
   reorganizing the team as necessary.  Finally, decision-theoretic
   communication selectivity in STEAM ensures reduction in communication
   overheads of teamwork, with appropriate sensitivity to the
   environmental conditions.  This article describes STEAM's application
   in three different complex domains, and presents detailed empirical
   results.

The article is available via:
   
 -- comp.ai.jair.papers (also see comp.ai.jair.announce)

 -- World Wide Web: The URL for our World Wide Web server is
       http://www.jair.org/
    For direct access to this article and related files try:
       http://www.jair.org/abstracts/tambe97a.html

 -- Anonymous FTP from either of the two sites below.

    Carnegie-Mellon University (USA):
	ftp://ftp.cs.cmu.edu/project/jair/volume7/tambe97a.ps
    The University of Genoa (Italy):
	ftp://ftp.mrg.dist.unige.it/pub/jair/pub/volume7/tambe97a.ps

    The compressed PostScript file is named tambe97a.ps.Z (223K)

 -- automated email. Send mail to jair@cs.cmu.edu or jair@ftp.mrg.dist.unige.it
    with the subject AUTORESPOND and our automailer will respond. To
    get the Postscript file, use the message body GET volume7/tambe97a.ps 
    (Note: Your mailer might find this file too large to handle.) 

For more information about JAIR, visit our WWW or FTP sites, or
send electronic mail to jair@cs.cmu.edu with the subject AUTORESPOND
and the message body HELP, or contact jair-ed@ptolemy.arc.nasa.gov.



-- 
Steven Minton
JAIR Managing Editor
